Update samples for group.owners and exposure.owners (#7464)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/groups.md

groups:
  - name: finance
    owner:

>       # 'name' or 'email' is required; additional properties NOT allowed in the future

Reviewer: We might be able to communicate this more specifically 
```suggestion
      # 'name' or 'email' is required; additional properties will no longer be allowed in a future release
```
